and who is responsible let's be honest
for some of the biggest ratings in
mexican television when he fights
everybody stays at home in mexico to
watch the fights a lot of people stay at
home as the united states by the fights
on pay-per-view every fight that he's
been in has been a good competitive
fight he's learning his trade he's
getting better and better it's also
getting bigger and bigger anything you
know and you know when he first thought
and I thought maybe someday we would put
him in with Pacquiao and now I look at
him and I said maybe someday we'll put
him over the top but he's a terrific
young man he's becoming a great fighter
his father before him was the greatest
mexican mile in heaven and both
bloodlines mean a lot in horse racing
and also in boxing he'll be fighting
Jason luleå on Portland Maine 21 wins
one defeat 18 knockouts of those 21 wins
he's from otakon nako he'll be preparing
nonstop for this fight in the month
ahead please welcome a man that I'm very
very happy introduced to you once again
Julio Cesar Chavez Jr
why not premiere you know a lot of
chateaupers represented he when I
started the clothes first of all I want
to thank everyone for being here good
afternoon to everyone when opposite una
red mask Becky sandal apagar el dia de
cinco de julio de know i oughtta metro
conocer la salud es es una de su new era
muy bonito no matter how or y como fue a
la que es una dos patas malwani to scare
people stay calm temple Billy Ray i'm
here to announce my 5 in july 25th in my
yard top and we are done I was there a
couple of days ago never been there
before and I'm telling you is one of the
most beautiful places in Mexico is
really something to see venezuela calera
is Talia Parra means mean potentate
porque ximena permitido this paternity
tambien este será see I'm at the Museum
pelea up with a rock yahoo puedes ver
las posas say they said okay come over
Aaliyah to scare oh baby de carmen de
Cicco para que de la oportunidad de mis
putas ratito que espera biosphere quiero
muchas you know the opportunity for a
world title is getting closer and closer
but I know I have to show more last five
wasn't one of my best efforts I know
that I know I put it them better I could
couldn't talk about but for this fight
you're going to see me I'm going to be
better i'm going to show
that I am ready to take the next step
over Germany during the sequel ok we are
salida i can after he left prevent hola
Julio different fish pond over me hace
por ciento trokey hemos hecho a resident
mal pero crocus temperament legend area
sur la cosas bien para para la boca
cable to the 7th revolution and I know
that this is important for a part of my
career I have to show everyone what I'm
capable of I'm working really hard to do
that sometimes you know we don't do
things the right way but I think in this
fight you're going to find out that I am
going to do the right things are going
to be a much better fighter I message
own cambio de Paris yawn esta nadando y
este esta mañana he go Barney Fernando
no pues era para physical Bentham esta
nadando are hard at beso para que me AMA
problemas con ESO Connie prepare your
physique a bonus peso y pienso que se
llega much of a horn you know we made a
big change in this camp we're going to
be training with you people from
velocity with john-john and in his cram
for merriment Fernando decided that
would be other opportunity for me and i
agree i think that'll make me a much
better fighter or be physically better
and i think i'm going to be just show
you how to do kind of computer also go
for any photoscape we're near the
everything sink well as per a multiplier
yeah i think everyone for coming here
and if you can go i'll see you at the
beach